Container History
=================
- Linux Containers
  - Open VZ - a specific container
  - Linux V-Server - created by adding operating system specific virtualization

In the FreeBSD world, we have jails that break up features into containers. In
the Unix environment, we have AIX. These are broken up into wpars. It simply has
system and application based containers. We also have Solaris containers. These
are containers for x86 systems. This contain zones that are completely isolated
servers within an OS.

There are all these container technologies out there, but what is a container?
You may have heard of operating system-level virtualization. To quote Wikipedia:

> "It is a server virtualization method where the kernel of an operating system
> allows for multiple isolated user space instances, instead of just one. Such
> instances (often called containers, virtualization engines (VE), virtual private
> servers (VPS), or jails) may look and feel like a real server from the point of
> view of its owners and users. On Unix-like operating systms, this technology
> can be seen as advanced implementation of the standard `chroot` mechanism. In
> addition to isolation mechanisms, the kernel often provides resource
> management features to limit the impact of one container's activities on the
> other containers.

This title is actually what a container it is. We call Server Virtualization,
Containers. What has been a big-thing in the world of virtualization is
hyper-visor virtualization. A complete duplicate copy of an operating system ran
on a resouce system. 
